hey good morning everybody I just wanted
to come on here and tell you some more
things the Lord has showed me in prayer
time this time I I I you know I I'm
trying to be I'll tell you some positive
things I'm going to tell you some good
things so I have to tell you this first
and this is not so good so I'm you know
I I want to be uplifting I want to tell
you I don't want to stir up fear I don't
want to get anybody afraid but I I want
to be I have to tell you what the holy
spirit is telling me and things that we
can avoid and things some things I I
don't think we can so I you know I I
just but I but I feel I'm a Watchman
like I've said and um and it's my job to
tell you what's going on and so uh this
was a a a massive barge traveling down
the Mississippi River I could see rust
on the side of this barge it was like a
big boat this but it was supposedly
carrying grains or something out of up
north somewhere and there was a black
like a black at the top of it all around
it and on there was where the captain or
the the person who drives the boat it
was white and it had rust on it it
looked like it was weathered there was
like a little like a little opening a
square opening on this boat that was on
on the um on the on the deck part they
were moving and they were going out and
they went out into the Gulf of Mexico
and they turned their boat going and
facing
um East they opened the hatch
and they put out a rocket they put out a
rocket in that hatch and they lifted it
up and there was these men that were on
this boat were Oriental looking they
were um they were from Asia from
somewhere I have no idea uh if it was
China or whatever but um
they raised this rocket up and it was
about five feet tall and it was about
probably
it was probably about uh maybe about a
foot thick two foot maybe at the most
and um it was black and it was white and
it had USSR written on this on the
rocket and they shot the rocket out over
America and when they did it exploded
but it but I kept hearing in the spirit
realm it's not going to get high enough
it wasn't getting high enough and that's
what I was hearing and so
um it went out over uh Tennessee
Kentucky area uh Atlanta and um you know
Mississippi Alabama all that and then it
went out and it went over and it went up
by Ohio and it exploded right over all
that area and whenever it did it was an
EMP and the EMP turned out all the
darkness and because it didn't get high
enough it didn't it didn't have a blast
radius that affected everything for way
way way way over and way way over uh to
the to the west but it affected all of
Virginia and um Pennsylvania and all
that it was it was terrible complete
darkness was over this and the further
you went West it wasn't as dark things
weren't uh affected as bad I could see
that people did not have uh in like say
um Colorado or whatever they did not
have cell phones they did not have
internet they did not have
um uh uh like cable TV or anything like
that they had TV with bunny ears
and they had landline telephones and
they still had uh light electricity it
wasn't you wasn't able to have a whole
bunch of stuff going the power grid was
real weak but you were still able to
power things uh just not like I don't I
don't understand at all I I I just see
things and you know whenever I'm praying
and so
um I could see the emergency broadcast
come on I could hear it and they were
warning the people of what happened you
know how they warn you on the the thing
this is emergency broadcast and the
thing goes on our TVs if there's
something in the emergency broadcast
alert they they ran that because it
turned the TV on and um you could hear
the emergency broadcast going off and um
and so I had some friends call the
landline at my house and they said do
you have power and I said yes and I
opened and then I went to my
refrigerator and I opened up the
refrigerator and there was still a light
on in the refrigerator then I could see
looking out over going south I could see
in the spirit realm the trees the Lord
allowed me to see the trees the trees
were the sycamore trees had leaves on
them it was still really warm outside
because I whenever I'm seeing in the
spirit and the Lord's showing something
I always try to pay attention to what's
going on around me my surroundings trees
the the weather the the the warmth of
outside how it feels you know how I
would have assumed it a feel where the
sun is at everything I try to pay
attention because you can always tell
where we are in the season of summer or
whatever but the sun was setting over
over to the uh to the uh to it was more
over the west but it was more South
Southwest and it was so it was a summer
kind of a month probably late summer I
don't I don't know so this was basically
the end of this but it was a warning of
an EMP attack Upon Our Nation I come on
here I know it's a heavy uh message but
I but I want to tell you about things
that the Lord shows me to pray about
it's not to stir up fear I believe we
can stop things through intercessory
prayer I tell people this stuff because
I'm trying to warn you to pray well I
just want to say thank you so much for
watching this video hopefully it didn't
freak you out too bad have a blessed day
everybody